Oh welcome class of 2019 congratulations
to you all you completed the space
training program how exciting is that
and it was a very very fun space
training program
what's watch a video to see how it went
[Applause]
oMG wasn't that amazing right actually
thank you to our amazing video team to
creating this really great souvenir that
we can all alright so we said in the
beginning that the camp success was
defined by the number of friendships
conversations collaborations and new
projects that get started here did we
achieve it how do you feel about that
the people I could new thanks awesome
thank you all for participating in this
camp thank you for being so
participative proactive engaging in all
the sessions being very curious and very
interested and also special thanks to
everyone that produced the amazing
content we have to deliver here
throughout camp again we have a
wonderful group of 67 humans and now I
would like well we would like to take a
moment to really thank everyone we are
running a little bit of time so we are
going to ask instead of like moving
everyone to the stage we are going to
ask people to stand up and give hands to
the multiple groups of people so who was
involved on creating the corner active
courses can you stand up just for a
second
[Applause]
they were phenomenal thank you so much
for creating these what about the poster
projects can we see all the champions
that let the poster project project
sessions there is even more what about
the deep dives people bring it on
thank you it's interesting to see AK
some people just likes to stay up what
about the Lightning talks everyone I
prepared a lightning talk and delivered
well him and the sci-fi Fair wasn't it
crazy to see all those brushes out there
like please send out
[Applause]
thank you also to the all the contact
your eyes the masterful cat herders that
managed to I guide all of these group of
people you like stand up yeah set up all
right and also super super important and
sometimes we don't see them because they
are running around making our event
possible and making sure that we have
everything in place so that we can
experience the best best event possible
but a huge round of applause to our
production team and that's put so much
wealth it produces event can we see them
please sit up thank you all so so much
all right
so based on your vote sweet aleck bees
and spaceship B was the winner by a mile
everyone who came on time yesterday
knows I'm talking about and our
runner-up was a but it was very close
and see we're both far behind me so just
in case you're curious this was the
spaceship that that won our voting
contest mm-hmm
finally we want to recognize some
amazing content contributors in addition
to Allan's awesome
solutions for free deep dives I have a
couple of awards that I want to give out
if you participated in any of the things
please come up to the stage and grab a
token of our thankfulness for creating
such amazing content mm-hmm thank you
all right so first for best interactive
skit it is the graph sync poster project
which was amazing the call your own
some representative want to come up here
and grab the stage somewhere useful good
job team yeah that was a full stage and
everyone participated yeah all the way
across it's a graduation yeah graduation
so you receive the prize take the
picture all right I have another ward so
you guys can know this was for the most
attractive poster which are mostly
evaluated by colourfulness 4d web
addressing with all of their little
smiley faces and frowny faces very well
done simply yeah we have a tarry running
to the stage
wonderful work oh and a litel good job
you guys huzzah all right and so this
was the most informative poster mostly
due to awesome use of diagrams goes to
pub/sub and all of these pots of
diagrams
we's the pub/sub team poster poster book
sub comes claiming your award
[Music]
[Applause]
okay would you like to be documented
come on up alright and last but not
least for the posters for best use of
props it's got to go to circuit relay
for the wonderful spirally magic that
was really cool good job you guys
come to the stage where's the prize for
you
[Music]
now they all right so we still have a
stack of Lourdes if you can I rent to
the stage we'll appreciate it this
witness for best lightning talk which
was really hard there were so many
amazing amazing amazing lightning talks
but the winner was container D meets
ipfs nice all right these are like
sci-fi fare related so this one is for
the best
oMG feature that blew everyone's minds 4
ble lib p2p transport which we're all
super excited about awesome job and
wonderful demoing Sam's Wi-Fi which was
very important
this one is for most long-awaited
feature but you can guess what I'm
saying which is fast IP n s very good
exciting it was very long awaited and
everyone should check out the you guys
were demoing this morning right doesn't
your dog wait here
whoa this is for best sci-fi fare
exhibit overall oh my gosh and we gave
this one to the DHT visualizer that
worked online and offline and was super
interactive and was colorful yeah 10000
toggles and I believe was like spur of
the moment like and a live demo cool
thing so yeah amazing
alright alright this is the last of the
the sci-fi fare things which is best
last minute hack getting everything
working at the very last minute which
goes to eath dns which was running on
our local network off of Mikoto's
computer super awesome he's my girl
I think he already left ship it to him
in some way
they're small all right this one was a
really really difficult one and we had a
lot of debate between the two of us we
couldn't come to a conclusion but for
best core course we chose how ipfs deals
with files was a hard choice but all
that amazing visualizations first two
volumes even thank you this is for best
elective course and I think we can all
say that all of the electives were
awesome and we also didn't get to see
all of them which makes us very sad we
need to come back and just do electives
the whole time but this one which was
also super oversubscribed and kept
everyone very willingly through the
entire break which is pin sets with ipfs
cluster alright and now I'm now I'm back
caught up to date with our deep dives
for most creative deep dive creative in
terms of stories and images and you know
magical creatures this one goes to
routing IP NS rotating our TNS keys the
awesome work you guys must go deeper
this one was David's vote for best deep
dive overall but specifically for taming
the Beast which goes to the DHT deep
dive which is certainly a beast to be
tamed awesome
Oh what you maybe just ignore this tool
[Music]
[Applause]
alright now we have the most informative
deep-dive judge fighting myself because
I learned a lot during this one which
was mutable dag traversal which was
super cool and I feel like I learned a
time just by listening to presentations
so thank you thank you
all right and last but not least
funniest deep dive which I evaluated as
ipfs for website slash search which made
us all giggle multiple times and they
got to redefine their own topic which
was awesome good job you dragged it down
what would human wear is sub dog well
all right and those are all the awards I
have but I would give you all an award
if I could because there was so much
awesome participation during this week
and you all helped make this week what
it is thank you all so so much